chore(pt-br): replace interwiki macros with markdown links (#13922)
mdn/translated-content: files/pt-br/glossary/value/index.md

### Conhecimento geral

> - [Primitive wrapper class](https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primitive_wrapper_class) on Wikipedia

Reviewer: This URL does not exist in pt-BR

```suggestion
- [Primitive wrapper class](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primitive_wrapper_class_in_Java) on Wikipedia
```
